When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When working remotely or when working as part of a group collaboration 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If someone else has been working on the project you'd want to ensure
    their changes will not conflict with yours

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is where GitHub clones a repository. It is useful so that others 
    can work on their own versions of the code while keeping a reference back 
    to the original. Changes other people make to their fork do not affect 
    the original
    
    A clone is a copy of a directory or repository that contains its change 
    history.
        
    A branch is a label for a commit. Branches are useful for a host of reasons
    such as collaborative working, bug fixing, feature testing etc. When work
    on a branch is completed it is normally merged back with the main production
    branch which is normally called the master branch 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Lesson 4: Section 19: Video @ 1:30. If there are differences between the 
    local and remote repository you can use git fetch to update the local 
    copy of the remote branches. You can then use git log and git diff to see
    the differences before merging them with your local master branch. This is 
    very handy especially if you are going to be off line for a while.   

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    It would be very hard to keep track of where everyone is without GitHub 
    (or a version control system)! I can't see that anything would be easier

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When working as part of a team it's a good idea for each team member to work
    on their own branch. At regular intervals each team members work can then be
    checked and merged into master (or another parallel branch called test) for 
    testing and conflict resolution etc. 